README.md, before:

# REPLACE WITH YOUR APP NAME

This is the Final assessment template for CASA0014 - Please use this template and edit the relevant sections to personalise.
This section has a short introduction to what the application is

## Use this README File 

Use this section to show us what your Mobile App is about.   Include a Screenshot to the App, link to the various frameworks you've used. Include your presentation video here that shows off your Mobile App.   Emojis are also fun to include 📱 😄

Look at some other Flutter Apps online and see how they use there README File.  Good examples are:

- https://github.com/miickel/flutter_particle_clock
- https://github.com/Tarikul711/flutter-food-delivery-app-ui    
- https://github.com/mohak1283/Instagram-Clone


## Include A Section That Tells Developers How To Install The App

Include a section that gives intructions on how to install the app or run it in Flutter.  What versions of the plugins are you assuming?  Maybe define a licence

##  Contact Details

Having Contact Details is also good as it shows people how to get in contact with you if they'd like to contribute to the app.

Commit message:

feat: added the splash screen and icons. Some work still needs to be done for later though, especially with coloring the circle with the right values for light and dark modes

README.md, after:

# Traveler

This is the Final assessment template for CASA0014 - Please use this template and edit the relevant sections to personalise.
This section has a short introduction to what the application is

## Use this README File 

Use this section to show us what your Mobile App is about.   Include a Screenshot to the App, link to the various frameworks you've used. Include your presentation video here that shows off your Mobile App.   Emojis are also fun to include 📱 😄

Look at some other Flutter Apps online and see how they use there README File.  Good examples are:

- https://github.com/miickel/flutter_particle_clock
- https://github.com/Tarikul711/flutter-food-delivery-app-ui    
- https://github.com/mohak1283/Instagram-Clone


## Include A Section That Tells Developers How To Install The App

Include a section that gives intructions on how to install the app or run it in Flutter.  What versions of the plugins are you assuming?  Maybe define a licence

##  Contact Details

Having Contact Details is also good as it shows people how to get in contact with you if they'd like to contribute to the app. 


## Commands

Clean the Build
```
flutter clean
```


Grab all Dependencies
```
flutter pub get
```


Build the Icon and Splash Screen
```
dart run flutter_launcher_icons
```

Note: For android the same image is used for the splash and the app icon.
TODO: Figure out how to adjust the 'branding' to have the app name in the splash page.

Build the APK
```
flutter build apk
```
